== User-modifiable options ==

 

There is no configuration file for the firmware.  Use modifiable options are set with several #define statements in the main file (ArduIMU.pde).  There are also #define statements which are not intended to be user modifiable options, so only change the parameters shown below.

{{{
//Hardware version - Can be used for v1 (daughterboards) or v2 (flat)
#define BOARD_VERSION 2 // 1 For V1 and 2 for V2

// Ublox gps is recommended!
#define GPS_PROTOCOL 1    // 1 - Ublox,  2 - EM406,  3 - NMEA    We have only tested with Ublox

// Enable Air Start uses Remove Before Fly flag - connection to pin 6 on ArduPilot 
#define ENABLE_AIR_START 1  //  1 if using airstart/groundstart signaling, 0 if not
#define GROUNDSTART_PIN 8    //  Pin number used for ground start signal (recommend 10 on v1 and 8 on v2 hardware)

/*Min Speed Filter for Yaw drift Correction*/
#define SPEEDFILT 2 // >1 use min speed filter for yaw drift cancellation, 0=do not use speed filter

/*For debugging propurses*/
#define PRINT_DEBUG 0   //Will print Debug messages

//OUTPUTMODE=1 will print the corrected data, 0 will print uncorrected data of the gyros (with drift), 2 will print accelerometer only data
#define OUTPUTMODE 1

#define PRINT_DCM 0     //Will print the whole direction cosine matrix
#define PRINT_ANALOGS 0 //Will print the analog raw data
#define PRINT_EULER 0   //Will print the Euler angles Roll, Pitch and Yaw
#define PRINT_GPS 1     //Will print GPS data

// *** NOTE!   To use ArduIMU with ArduPilot you must select binary output messages (change to 1 here)
#define PRINT_BINARY 1   //Will print binary message and suppress ASCII messages (above)

// *** NOTE!   Performance reporting is only supported for Ublox.  Set to 0 for others
#define PERFORMANCE_REPORTING 1  //Will include performance reports in the binary output ~ 1/2 min

/* Support for optional magnetometer (1 enabled, 0 dissabled) */
#define USE_MAGNETOMETER 0 // use 1 if you want to make yaw gyro drift corrections using the optional magnetometer                   

/* Support for optional barometer (1 enabled, 0 dissabled) */
#define USE_BAROMETER 0 	// use 1 if you want to get altitude using the optional absolute pressure sensor                  
#define ALT_MIX	50			// For binary messages: GPS or barometric altitude.  0 to 100 = % of barometric.  For example 75 gives 25% GPS alt and 75% baro

}}}
 

There are also adjustable gains for the XY and Z directions, but you probably will not want to change them unless you understand what effect the change will cause.  The values shown below have been shown to work reasonably well.

{{{
// LPR530 & LY530 Sensitivity (from datasheet) => 3.33mV/ยบ/s, 3.22mV/ADC step => 1.03
// Tested values : 0.96,0.96,0.94
#define Gyro_Gain_X 0.92 //X axis Gyro gain
#define Gyro_Gain_Y 0.92 //Y axis Gyro gain
#define Gyro_Gain_Z 0.94 //Z axis Gyro gain
}}}